Adding c8y_CloudRemoteAccess/c8y_Command/c8y_Configuration via operation plugin mechanism (#24)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io_examples: Command/README.md

#  thin-edge.io Command plugin

> To use command on a device that runs thin-edge.io, a plugin of the operation plugin concept is used. The tedge_agent is checking for command operation and is triggering the particular plugin. You can use the Shell tab in device management to use a command. Please be aware of the power of such an feature. Somebody with access could start various shell commands. Its more designes as an idea on how the plugin mechanism works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use command on a device that runs thin-edge.io, a plugin of the operation plugin concept is used. The tedge_agent is checking for command operation and is triggering the particular plugin. You can use the Shell tab in device management to use a command. Please be aware of the power of such an feature. Somebody with access could start various shell commands. Its more designed as an idea on how the plugin mechanism works.
```

## Requirements

- Working thin-edge.io installation

- Python3 and pip3 installation (will not work on python2)

## Installation 

1. Clone this repo on the thin-edge.io device
2. run pip3 install -r requirements.txt from this Command directory
3. Copy c8y_Command to the following directory "/etc/tedge/operations/c8y/"
4. Copy c8y_Command.py to the following directory "/bin/"

> 5. Make sure, that both files do have permissions for beeing executed by tedge_mapper ("chmod 777 FILENAME")

Reviewer: Aside note: this recommendation highlight that thin-edge configuration and documentation are not clear.

* The mapper only reads the file  `/etc/tedge/operations/c8y/c8y_Command` and `chmod 644 c8y_Command` is enough.
* It would be more secure to prevent updates of the installed commands.  `chmod 555 c8y_Command.py` would be better.

## Usage

Make sure thin-edge.io is connected to Cumulocity.

> If installation is done properly accoording to the steps above, you hae to disconnect and reconnect thin-edge.io. In that way the suppoertedOperations will be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If installation is done properly according to the steps above, you have to disconnect and reconnect thin-edge.io. In that way the supported operations will be updated.
```

```shell
sudo tedge disconnect c8y
```

and

```shell
sudo tedge connect c8y

> ```

Reviewer: This works, but only the `tedge_mapper` daemon needs to be restarted.

Aside question:
* Would an [auto reload feature](https://github.com/thin-edge/thin-edge.io/issues/612) be helpful?

Author: It definitely would!
